The United States is used to planning a very large plan.
Or maybe this is also a plan of the God.
But even if they are in a situation where their reason is similar,
it is natural that they must prepare and prepare in such a way that they will not be surprised.
The challenge of the Great East Asia War has been clearly decided.
After the Singapore war, the Great East Asia War and the South China Sea War,
the military power of the Great East Asia War will not be integrated no matter how much they struggle.
There are countries with strong land forces, and countries with strong navy.
But there are countries where land forces and navy cannot change together.
Is there a country like that?
This is the strength of the place where only Japan has it.
There is a word called the wheel of the car,
and the wheel of the car is as big as both sides.
Using this wheel, they are doing a car-like, peaceful way.
No matter what kind of enemy comes, the situation is no longer surprising.
What has been clearly determined is the following.
They are both truly determined.
The End